# TwentyOne - First Flight #29

### About the Project

The "TwentyOne" protocol is a smart contract implementation of
the classic blackjack card game, where users can wager 1 ETH to participate
with a chance to double their money!

### Actors

- Player: The user who interacts with the contract to start and play a game.
  A player must deposit 1 ETH to play, with a maximum payout of 2 ETH upon winning.

- Dealer: The virtual counterpart managed by the smart contract. The dealer draws cards based on game logic.

### Known Issues

- Randomness Manipulation: The randomness mechanism relies on block.timestamp, msg.sender,
  and block prevrandao, which may be predictable in certain scenarios.
  Consider using Chainlink VRF or another oracle for more secure randomness.

### Scope

All Contracts in `src` are in scope.

```
src/
└── TwentyOne.sol
```

### Compatibilities

- Blockchains: - Ethereum
- Tokens: - ETH

<br></br>

# @Audit

1. Check that user exactly must deposit 1 ether to play
2. Check the logic of the game = [2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, J, Q, K, A]
3. Check Balance on contract if have enough to payout to winner
4. Check logic of Call and Hit
5. Check the logic of 2 first cards
6. Check if someone else can enter to the same game.

#### Manual Audit:

- pragma solidity ^0.8.13; => Check the 0.8.13 if compiles all good
- No Natspec!

#### Try:

Deploy contract TwentyOne.sol and Create Attack contract with revert if he did not got 21 if yes continue

# @Founds

- block.prevrandao Can Be Used Only From Solidity Version 0.8.18 [L-1]
- CASINO Address Lacks Initial Balance for Ether Transfer [L-2]
- Contract Lacks Mechanism to Initialize or Deposit Ether [H-1]
- Contract Lacks Sufficient Ether to Handle Game Logic and Payouts [H-2]
- Excess Ether Sent by Player Causes Unfair Loss in Winnings [M-1]
- Incorrect Card Deck Initialization in initializeDeck Function [M-2]
